public/assets/bower/bootstrap-sortable/README.md, before:

bootstrap-sortable
==================
adding sorting ability to bootstrap table  
Current version: 1.8.0

In fact, it can be used for any tables.

Sorting provided by [TinySort](https://github.com/Sjeiti/TinySort).
Date parsing provided by [moment.js](https://github.com/timrwood/moment/).

Available for download with NuGet, search for `bootstrap-sortable`.  
Working [demo](http://drvic10k.github.io/bootstrap-sortable/).

####Dependencies:
You should add the provided "moment.js" library, or get yourself a copy from http://momentjs.com.

####Basic usage:

Add references to bootstrap-sortable.css and bootstrap-sortable.js to your page. Add class "sortable" to your bootstrap table.
HTML table has to be properly formated, using `<thead>`, `<th>` and `<tbody>` elements.

You can disable sorting for a column by using `data-defaultsort='disabled'` attribute in the `<th>` element.

When you add table rows or whole table from client side, use `$.bootstrapSortable(applyLast)` function to add sortability to parts/tables that were not present at document.ready.
Use optional paramater `applyLast=true` if you want to preserve the last used sorting.

After sorting a column, the table triggers an event `sorted`.

####Cell with `colspan` and multiple header rows
When you have multiple header rows, all header cells in the same column can be used to sort that column.

When you have cell with `colspan`, by default, the first column of the span will be sorted. You can override this by using `data-mainsort` attribute for the column that you want to be sorted with the `colspan` cell.

####Sorting direction signs:
You can choose the sign that show the sort direcion. Default is the arrow pointing towards the heigher value.

This proved to be contra-intuitive for some, so you can change it to opposite using the second parameter: `$.bootstrapSortable(applyLast, 'reversed')`.

Other possible values are `'az'`, `'AZ'`, `'_19'`, `'month'`. (See [demo](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/drvic10k/bootstrap-sortable/blob/gh-pages/index.html) to see how it looks.)

You can set individual signs for each column using `data-defaultsign` attribute in the `<th>` element.

####Optional attributes:

You can preset one column to be sorted when table is loaded using `data-defaultsort` attribute:
```html
<th> Column 1</th>
<th> Column 2</th>
<th data-defaultsort="desc"> Column 3</th>
```

You can change the value that is used for sorting for each `<td>` using `data-value` attribute:
```html
<td data-value="5.45">5,45</td>
```

You can sort dates, even if they are in different formats. Specify date formats according to moment.js documentation. This only works if you include any version of Moment.js. If Moment.js is not found it will fallback to the usual sorting.
```html
<td data-dateformat="YYYY-MM-DD">2013-06-24</td>
<td data-dateformat="DD-MMM-YYYY">26 June 2013</td>
```

Commit message:

Added Loading... spinner to personal stats in places where we fetch data via javascript.
Updated Grunt build system.

Updated bower and pulled bootstrap through bower.

public/assets/bower/bootstrap-sortable/README.md, after:

bootstrap-sortable
==================
adding sorting ability to bootstrap table  
Current version: 1.9.0

In fact, it can be used for any tables.

Sorting provided by [TinySort](https://github.com/Sjeiti/TinySort).
Date parsing provided by [moment.js](https://github.com/timrwood/moment/).

Available for download with NuGet, search for `bootstrap-sortable`.  
Working [demo](http://drvic10k.github.io/bootstrap-sortable/).

For compatibility issues with older browsers and possible workarounds, please look into the [issues list](https://github.com/drvic10k/bootstrap-sortable/issues?labels=compatibility&page=1&state=closed).

####Dependencies:
You should add the provided "moment.js" library, or get yourself a copy from http://momentjs.com.

####Basic usage:

Add references to bootstrap-sortable.css and bootstrap-sortable.js to your page. Add class "sortable" to your bootstrap table.
HTML table has to be properly formated, using `<thead>`, `<th>` and `<tbody>` elements.

You can disable sorting for a column by using `data-defaultsort='disabled'` attribute in the `<th>` element.

When you add table rows or whole table from client side, use `$.bootstrapSortable(applyLast)` function to add sortability to parts/tables that were not present at document.ready.
Use optional paramater `applyLast=true` if you want to preserve the last used sorting.

After sorting a column, the table triggers an event `sorted`.

####Cell with `colspan` and multiple header rows
When you have multiple header rows, all header cells in the same column can be used to sort that column.

When you have cell with `colspan`, by default, the first column of the span will be sorted. You can override this by using `data-mainsort` attribute for the column that you want to be sorted with the `colspan` cell.

####Sorting direction signs:
You can choose the sign that show the sort direcion. Default is the arrow pointing towards the heigher value.

This proved to be contra-intuitive for some, so you can change it to opposite using the second parameter: `$.bootstrapSortable(applyLast, 'reversed')`.

Other possible values are `'az'`, `'AZ'`, `'_19'`, `'month'`. (See [demo](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/drvic10k/bootstrap-sortable/blob/gh-pages/index.html) to see how it looks.)

You can set individual signs for each column using `data-defaultsign` attribute in the `<th>` element.

####Optional attributes:

You can preset one column to be sorted when table is loaded using `data-defaultsort` attribute:
```html
<th> Column 1</th>
<th> Column 2</th>
<th data-defaultsort="desc"> Column 3</th>
```

To change the initial direction when sorting a column for the first time, use the `data-firstsort` attribute:
```html
<th> Column 1</th>
<th> Column 2</th>
<th data-firstsort="desc"> Column 3</th>
```

You can change the value that is used for sorting for each `<td>` using `data-value` attribute:
```html
<td data-value="5.45">5,45</td>
```

You can sort dates, even if they are in different formats. Specify date formats according to moment.js documentation. This only works if you include any version of Moment.js. If Moment.js is not found it will fallback to the usual sorting.
```html
<td data-dateformat="YYYY-MM-DD">2013-06-24</td>
<td data-dateformat="DD-MMM-YYYY">26 June 2013</td>
```
